---
title: "Enriching Events | Sentry for JavaScript"
source_url: "https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/"
scraped_date: "2025-08-19T18:28:15.320437"
description: "Add additional data to your events to make them easier to debug."
platform: "sentry"
category: "error_monitoring"
stack: "fed_job_advisor"
note: "Documentation focused on Fed Job Advisor production deployment"
---
**Note: This documentation is focused on production deployment for Fed Job Advisor**

# Enriching Events | Sentry for JavaScript

HomePlatformsJavaScriptEnriching Events Copy pageEnriching EventsAdd additional data to your events to make them easier to debug.In addition to the data that the Sentry SDK automatically captures, you can add additional data to events to help you debug them.Adding Additional Event DataThere are many ways to enrich events with additional data:Identifying UsersYou can add user information to events to help you identify the user that is experiencing an issue. See setUser to learn how to to set the user on Sentry events.Setting TagsTags are a way to add additional metadata to events. They can be used to filter events in the Sentry UI. See Tags to learn more about tags, or setTag & setTags to learn how to set tags on Sentry events.Setting ContextContext is a way to add additional metadata to events. While you cannot filter by contexts in the Sentry UI, context information is displayed in the event details. See setContext to learn how to set context data on Sentry events.Adding BreadcrumbsBreadcrumbs are a way to add information about steps that happened prior to an event. See Breadcrumbs to learn how to add breadcrumbs to Sentry events.Adding AttachmentsAttachments are a way to add additional files to events. See Attachments to learn how to add attachments to Sentry events.Event ProcessorsEvent processors are a way to mutate events before they are sent to Sentry. See Event Processors to learn how to use event processors.Adding Additional Event Data To Certain Events OnlyAll APIs described above will attach data to all events for the current page.If you only want to attach data to certain events, you can use withScope to create a new scope and attach data to that scope only.Custom FingerprintingAll events have a fingerprint. Events with the same fingerprint are grouped together into an issue. If the default grouping for a specific type of event does not work for you, you can customize this by setting a custom fingerprint. See Event Fingerprinting to learn how to set a custom fingerprint.ScopesWhen an event is captured and sent to Sentry, SDKs will merge that event data with extra information from the current scope. SDKs will typically automatically manage the scopes for you in the framework integrations and you don't need to think about them. However, if you want to better understand how scopes work and how you can leverage them for your use case, you can learn more about scopes.Size LimitationsWhen sending context, consider payload size limits. Sentry does not recommend sending the entire application state and large data blobs in contexts. If you exceed the maximum payload size, Sentry will respond with HTTP error 413 Payload Too Large and reject the event. When keepalive: true is used, the request may additionally stay pending forever.The Sentry SDK will try its best to accommodate the data you send and trim large context payloads. Some SDKs can truncate parts of the event; for more details, see the developer documentation on SDK data handling.PreviousCapturing Errors and EventsNextAttachmentsWas this helpful?Yes 👍No 👎How can we improve this page?Submit feedbackHelp improve this contentOur documentation is open source and available on GitHub. Your contributions are welcome, whether fixing a typo (drat!) or suggesting an update ("yeah, this would be better").How to contribute | Edit this page | Create a docs issue | Get support Package DetailsLatest version: 10.5.0npm:@sentry/browserRepository on GitHub