---
title: "Develop your app | Docker Docs"
source_url: "https://docs.docker.com/guides/nodejs/develop/"
scraped_date: "2025-08-19T13:03:59.423559"
description: "Learn how to develop your Node.js application locally using containers."
keywords: "node,node.js,development"
---
# Develop your app | Docker Docs

Back Ask AI Start typing to search or try Ask AI.Contact support Guides Get startedManualsReferenceNode.js language-specific guideThis guide explains how to containerize Node.js applications using Docker. JavaScript 20 minutes1Containerize your app2Develop your app3Run your tests4Configure CI/CD5Test your deployment« Back to all guidesHome / Guides / Node.js / Develop your appUse containers for Node.js developmentPage options Copy page as Markdown for LLMs View page as plain text Ask questions with Docs AI ClaudeOpen in ClaudeTable of contentsPrerequisitesOverviewAdd a local database and persist dataConfigure and run a development containerUpdate your Dockerfile for developmentUpdate your Compose file for developmentRun your development container and debug your applicationSummaryNext stepsPrerequisitesComplete Containerize a Node.js application.OverviewIn this section, you'll learn how to set up a development environment for your containerized application. This includes:Adding a local database and persisting dataConfiguring your container to run a development environmentDebugging your containerized applicationAdd a local database and persist dataYou can use containers to set up local services, like a database. In this section, you'll update the compose.yaml file to define a database service and a volume to persist data.Open your compose.yaml file in an IDE or text editor.Uncomment the database related instructions. The following is the updated compose.yaml file. ImportantFor this section, don't run docker compose up until you are instructed to. Running the command at intermediate points may incorrectly initialize your database.compose.yaml Show more # Comments are provided throughout this file to help you get started. # If you need more help, visit the Docker Compose reference guide at # https://docs.docker.com/go/compose-spec-reference/ # Here the instructions define your application as a service called "server". # This service is built from the Dockerfile in the current directory. # You can add other services your application may depend on here, such as a # database or a cache. For examples, see the Awesome Compose repository: # https://github.com/docker/awesome-compose services: server: build: context: . environment: NODE_ENV: production ports: - 3000:3000 # The commented out section below is an example of how to define a PostgreSQL # database that your application can use. `depends_on` tells Docker Compose to # start the database before your application. The `db-data` volume persists the # database data between container restarts. The `db-password` secret is used # to set the database password. You must create `db/password.txt` and add # a password of your choosing to it before running `docker compose up`. depends_on: db: condition: service_healthy db: image: postgres restart: always user: postgres secrets: - db-password volumes: - db-data:/var/lib/postgresql/data environment: - POSTGRES_DB=example - POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/db-password expose: - 5432 healthcheck: test: ["CMD", "pg_isready"] interval: 10s timeout: 5s retries: 5 volumes: db-data: secrets: db-password: file: db/password.txt Hide NoteTo learn more about the instructions in the Compose file, see Compose file reference.Open src/persistence/postgres.js in an IDE or text editor. You'll notice that this application uses a Postgres database and requires some environment variables in order to connect to the database. The compose.yaml file doesn't have these variables defined yet.Add the environment variables that specify the database configuration. The following is the updated compose.yaml file.compose.yaml Show more # Comments are provided throughout this file to help you get started. # If you need more help, visit the Docker Compose reference guide at # https://docs.docker.com/go/compose-spec-reference/ # Here the instructions define your application as a service called "server". # This service is built from the Dockerfile in the current directory. # You can add other services your application may depend on here, such as a # database or a cache. For examples, see the Awesome Compose repository: # https://github.com/docker/awesome-compose services: server: build: context: . environment: NODE_ENV: production POSTGRES_HOST: db POSTGRES_USER: postgres POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE: /run/secrets/db-password POSTGRES_DB: example ports: - 3000:3000 # The commented out section below is an example of how to define a PostgreSQL # database that your application can use. `depends_on` tells Docker Compose to # start the database before your application. The `db-data` volume persists the # database data between container restarts. The `db-password` secret is used # to set the database password. You must create `db/password.txt` and add # a password of your choosing to it before running `docker compose up`. depends_on: db: condition: service_healthy db: image: postgres restart: always user: postgres secrets: - db-password volumes: - db-data:/var/lib/postgresql/data environment: - POSTGRES_DB=example - POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/db-password expose: - 5432 healthcheck: test: ["CMD", "pg_isready"] interval: 10s timeout: 5s retries: 5 volumes: db-data: secrets: db-password: file: db/password.txt Hide Add the secrets section under the server service so that your application securely handles the database password. The following is the updated compose.yaml file.compose.yaml Show more # Comments are provided throughout this file to help you get started. # If you need more help, visit the Docker Compose reference guide at # https://docs.docker.com/go/compose-spec-reference/ # Here the instructions define your application as a service called "server". # This service is built from the Dockerfile in the current directory. # You can add other services your application may depend on here, such as a # database or a cache. For examples, see the Awesome Compose repository: # https://github.com/docker/awesome-compose services: server: build: context: . environment: NODE_ENV: production POSTGRES_HOST: db POSTGRES_USER: postgres POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE: /run/secrets/db-password POSTGRES_DB: example ports: - 3000:3000 # The commented out section below is an example of how to define a PostgreSQL # database that your application can use. `depends_on` tells Docker Compose to # start the database before your application. The `db-data` volume persists the # database data between container restarts. The `db-password` secret is used # to set the database password. You must create `db/password.txt` and add # a password of your choosing to it before running `docker compose up`. depends_on: db: condition: service_healthy secrets: - db-password db: image: postgres restart: always user: postgres secrets: - db-password volumes: - db-data:/var/lib/postgresql/data environment: - POSTGRES_DB=example - POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/db-password expose: - 5432 healthcheck: test: ["CMD", "pg_isready"] interval: 10s timeout: 5s retries: 5 volumes: db-data: secrets: db-password: file: db/password.txt Hide In the docker-nodejs-sample directory, create a directory named db.In the db directory, create a file named password.txt. This file will contain your database password.You should now have at least the following contents in your docker-nodejs-sample directory. ├── docker-nodejs-sample/ │ ├── db/ │ │ └── password.txt │ ├── spec/ │ ├── src/ │ ├── .dockerignore │ ├── .gitignore │ ├── compose.yaml │ ├── Dockerfile │ ├── package-lock.json │ ├── package.json │ └── README.mdOpen the password.txt file in an IDE or text editor, and specify a password of your choice. Your password must be on a single line with no additional lines. Ensure that the file doesn't contain any newline characters or other hidden characters.Ensure that you save your changes to all the files that you have modified.Run the following command to start your application. $ docker compose up --build Open a browser and verify that the application is running at http://localhost:3000.Add some items to the todo list to test data persistence.After adding some items to the todo list, press ctrl+c in the terminal to stop your application.In the terminal, run docker compose rm to remove your containers. $ docker compose rm Run docker compose up to run your application again. $ docker compose up --build Refresh http://localhost:3000 in your browser and verify that the todo items persisted, even after the containers were removed and ran again.Configure and run a development containerYou can use a bind mount to mount your source code into the container. The container can then see the changes you make to the code immediately, as soon as you save a file. This means that you can run processes, like nodemon, in the container that watch for filesystem changes and respond to them. To learn more about bind mounts, see Storage overview.In addition to adding a bind mount, you can configure your Dockerfile and compose.yaml file to install development dependencies and run development tools.Update your Dockerfile for developmentOpen the Dockerfile in an IDE or text editor. Note that the Dockerfile doesn't install development dependencies and doesn't run nodemon. You'll need to update your Dockerfile to install the development dependencies and run nodemon.Rather than creating one Dockerfile for production, and another Dockerfile for development, you can use one multi-stage Dockerfile for both.Update your Dockerfile to the following multi-stage Dockerfile.Dockerfile Show more # syntax=docker/dockerfile:1 ARG NODE_VERSION=18.0.0 FROM node:${NODE_VERSION}-alpine as base WORKDIR /usr/src/app EXPOSE 3000 FROM base as dev RUN --mount=type=bind,source=package.json,target=package.json \ --mount=type=bind,source=package-lock.json,target=package-lock.json \ --mount=type=cache,target=/root/.npm \ npm ci --include=dev USER node COPY . . CMD npm run dev FROM base as prod RUN --mount=type=bind,source=package.json,target=package.json \ --mount=type=bind,source=package-lock.json,target=package-lock.json \ --mount=type=cache,target=/root/.npm \ npm ci --omit=dev USER node COPY . . CMD node src/index.js Hide In the Dockerfile, you first add a label as base to the FROM node:${NODE_VERSION}-alpine statement. This lets you refer to this build stage in other build stages. Next, you add a new build stage labeled dev to install your development dependencies and start the container using npm run dev. Finally, you add a stage labeled prod that omits the dev dependencies and runs your application using node src/index.js. To learn more about multi-stage builds, see Multi-stage builds.Next, you'll need to update your Compose file to use the new stage.Update your Compose file for developmentTo run the dev stage with Compose, you need to update your compose.yaml file. Open your compose.yaml file in an IDE or text editor, and then add the target: dev instruction to target the dev stage from your multi-stage Dockerfile.Also, add a new volume to the server service for the bind mount. For this application, you'll mount ./src from your local machine to /usr/src/app/src in the container.Lastly, publish port 9229 for debugging.The following is the updated Compose file. All comments have been removed.compose.yaml Show more services: server: build: context: . target: dev ports: - 3000:3000 - 9229:9229 environment: NODE_ENV: production POSTGRES_HOST: db POSTGRES_USER: postgres POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE: /run/secrets/db-password POSTGRES_DB: example depends_on: db: condition: service_healthy secrets: - db-password volumes: - ./src:/usr/src/app/src db: image: postgres restart: always user: postgres secrets: - db-password volumes: - db-data:/var/lib/postgresql/data environment: - POSTGRES_DB=example - POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/db-password expose: - 5432 healthcheck: test: ["CMD", "pg_isready"] interval: 10s timeout: 5s retries: 5 volumes: db-data: secrets: db-password: file: db/password.txt Hide Run your development container and debug your applicationRun the following command to run your application with the new changes to the Dockerfile and compose.yaml file. $ docker compose up --build Open a browser and verify that the application is running at http://localhost:3000.Any changes to the application's source files on your local machine will now be immediately reflected in the running container.Open docker-nodejs-sample/src/static/js/app.js in an IDE or text editor and update the button text on line 109 from Add Item to Add. + {submitting ? 'Adding...' : 'Add'} - {submitting ? 'Adding...' : 'Add Item'} Refresh http://localhost:3000 in your browser and verify that the updated text appears.You can now connect an inspector client to your application for debugging. For more details about inspector clients, see the Node.js documentation.SummaryIn this section, you took a look at setting up your Compose file to add a mock database and persist data. You also learned how to create a multi-stage Dockerfile and set up a bind mount for development.Related information:Volumes top-level elementServices top-level elementMulti-stage buildsNext stepsIn the next section, you'll learn how to run unit tests using Docker. Edit this page Request changesTable of contentsPrerequisitesOverviewAdd a local database and persist dataConfigure and run a development containerUpdate your Dockerfile for developmentUpdate your Compose file for developmentRun your development container and debug your applicationSummaryNext stepsRun Node.js tests in a container »