---
title: "Test your deployment | Docker Docs"
source_url: "https://docs.docker.com/guides/nodejs/deploy/"
scraped_date: "2025-08-19T13:03:59.423947"
description: "Learn how to deploy locally to test and debug your Kubernetes deployment"
keywords: "deploy,kubernetes,node,node.js"
---
# Test your deployment | Docker Docs

Back Ask AI Start typing to search or try Ask AI.Contact support Guides Get startedManualsReferenceNode.js language-specific guideThis guide explains how to containerize Node.js applications using Docker. JavaScript 20 minutes1Containerize your app2Develop your app3Run your tests4Configure CI/CD5Test your deployment« Back to all guidesHome / Guides / Node.js / Test your deploymentTest your Node.js deploymentPage options Copy page as Markdown for LLMs View page as plain text Ask questions with Docs AI ClaudeOpen in ClaudeTable of contentsPrerequisitesOverviewCreate a Kubernetes YAML fileDeploy and check your applicationSummaryPrerequisitesComplete all the previous sections of this guide, starting with Containerize a Node.js application.Turn on Kubernetes in Docker Desktop.OverviewIn this section, you'll learn how to use Docker Desktop to deploy your application to a fully-featured Kubernetes environment on your development machine. This allows you to test and debug your workloads on Kubernetes locally before deploying.Create a Kubernetes YAML fileIn the cloned repository's directory, create a file named docker-node-kubernetes.yaml. Open the file in an IDE or text editor and add the following contents. Replace DOCKER_USERNAME/REPO_NAME with your Docker username and the name of the repository that you created in Configure CI/CD for your Node.js application. apiVersion: apps/v1 kind: Deployment metadata: name: docker-nodejs-demo namespace: default spec: replicas: 1 selector: matchLabels: todo: web template: metadata: labels: todo: web spec: containers: - name: todo-site image: DOCKER_USERNAME/REPO_NAME imagePullPolicy: Always --- apiVersion: v1 kind: Service metadata: name: todo-entrypoint namespace: default spec: type: NodePort selector: todo: web ports: - port: 3000 targetPort: 3000 nodePort: 30001In this Kubernetes YAML file, there are two objects, separated by the ---:A Deployment, describing a scalable group of identical pods. In this case, you'll get just one replica, or copy of your pod. That pod, which is described under template, has just one container in it. The container is created from the image built by GitHub Actions in Configure CI/CD for your Node.js application.A NodePort service, which will route traffic from port 30001 on your host to port 3000 inside the pods it routes to, allowing you to reach your app from the network.To learn more about Kubernetes objects, see the Kubernetes documentation.Deploy and check your applicationIn a terminal, navigate to where you created docker-node-kubernetes.yaml and deploy your application to Kubernetes. $ kubectl apply -f docker-node-kubernetes.yaml You should see output that looks like the following, indicating your Kubernetes objects were created successfully. deployment.apps/docker-nodejs-demo created service/todo-entrypoint createdMake sure everything worked by listing your deployments. $ kubectl get deployments Your deployment should be listed as follows: NAME READY UP-TO-DATE AVAILABLE AGE docker-nodejs-demo 1/1 1 1 6sThis indicates all one of the pods you asked for in your YAML are up and running. Do the same check for your services. $ kubectl get services You should get output like the following. NAME TYPE CLUSTER-IP EXTERNAL-IP PORT(S) AGE kubernetes ClusterIP 10.96.0.1 <none> 443/TCP 7d22h todo-entrypoint NodePort 10.111.101.229 <none> 3000:30001/TCP 33sIn addition to the default kubernetes service, you can see your todo-entrypoint service, accepting traffic on port 30001/TCP.Open a browser and visit your app at localhost:30001. You should see your application.Run the following command to tear down your application. $ kubectl delete -f docker-node-kubernetes.yaml SummaryIn this section, you learned how to use Docker Desktop to deploy your application to a fully-featured Kubernetes environment on your development machine.Related information:Kubernetes documentationDeploy on Kubernetes with Docker DesktopSwarm mode overview Edit this page Request changesTable of contentsPrerequisitesOverviewCreate a Kubernetes YAML fileDeploy and check your applicationSummary